here we are at the premiere of Legends
House with the mouth of the South Jimmy
Hart Jimmy what's the haps you know what
this is so great to be here today with
all my guys here well you know Hillbilly
Jim Hacksaw Jim Duggan and Mean Gene
Oakland of course and Howard Finkel the
guy who's really responsible for getting
me in the New York area back in the day
you know WWE he's the one that made the
phone call who saw our tapes back in
Memphis and of course Tony Atlas and if
I've left out anybody I'm sorry so so
what Howard Finkel sees your tape he
goes we need to bring in this guy as a
manager and that's it that's that and
then everything goes forward from there
well you know they were getting ready
for Wrestlemania so I was lucky enough
to be called in two months before the
first WrestleMania so and I've always
said the most important match that I was
ever involved with her own was
WrestleMania 1 because it had been
successful we probably be sitting here
today
now what do you think aside from a
select few mainly Paul Heyman and zeb
colter the era of the wrestling manager
appears to be over do you think that
wrestling is lacking ringside managers
well you know what I think everything
kind of runs in cycles you know what I
mean who would ever believe that all
these tapes were gonna be out one day
I've all used to say the past is still
the future well now it's almost like I'm
a genius I was right because now with
the it with a network coming up the W
network now you can see everything that
we did back in the day but you know Paul
Heyman does a great job you know my hero
back in the day of course was Bobby the
brain Heenan you know but Paul's
tremendously and who knows what the
future holds
do you watch guys now thinking if they
had a mouthpiece like you for instance
they could get over a lot quicker well
you know everything's written so much
now but the writers is so you're kind of
limited what you can say and what you
can do so it kind of all depends on the
writers think somebody needs a manager I
guess you'll get one who'd you have the
most fun with performing well you know
the Hart Foundation the honky Tonk Man
of course because we got to have lived
so much and both of us coming from the
Memphis area and doing the Elvis
look-alike type thing and meet Colonel
Colonel Parker at the day Elvis's old
manager but that was a lot of fun of
course being with the Hulkster oh my
gosh I mean you guys are still friends
over
thirty-four years you know we have the
big beach bar down in Tampa now the
Hogan speech and I kind of run that all
the time for him when he's not there
which he's hardly ever there but uh and
then of course we're back with WWE again
we're back home thank you thank you
thank you so we're living the dream
again who was the most difficult to work
with
well I love the nasty boys they were
kind of difficult in a good way because
it was them every night's a Friday and
every day's a Saturday you know knobs
and sex I love them but they were so fun
to be with in and out of the ring but
they were a little difficult too so back
then when you're a ringside manager
you're also kind of a babysitter outside
the ring you got to make sure these guys
get to the shows you got to make sure
these guys behave themselves well for me
that really was a lot of the managers
that you kind of see him at the matches
get over there go over the finishes or
whatever then leave but my thing was
pretty cool because we were so much
friends and we all lived in Tampa you
know when I was managing Greg Valentine
lived in Tampa knobs and sags lived in
Tampa when I was doing honky Tonk you
know man back in the day he lived in
Memphis Coco beware lived in Memphis so
and of course Hulk in Tampa of course so
it it kind of like we worked together at
home and on the road did Vince McMahon
make you pay for your own jackets the
airbrushing absolutely not Vince was so
great to me when he you know he gave me
the megaphone he brought it back from
Japan that was kind of my gimme he let
me paint it fix it up do anything I
wanted to with it my jackets you know
I'd bring the jacket Vince can I do this
you do whatever you want to do he was
the greatest boss of all time but he
didn't he and you weren't stuck with the
bill because those air brushings can be
expensive they were but you know the
money we were makin but it was a good
tax write-off back then
well congratulations are you happy have
you seen legends house you know I
haven't seen any we just saw a little
clips of it but I was just so happy to
be picked to be part of the first
episode I was kind of like WrestleMania
one you know if you had to bet on
medicine mainly one the rest of them are
great but we were the pioneers same
thing with the legends house we're kind
of the pioneers and would you do another
season of this show if they asked you
buddy if they would call I'd say feet
don't fail me now baby I'd be there in
an instant well thank you so much Jimmy
Hart thank you guys